well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
what we can learn from old film cameras
you know everything that you see today
on social media the apps the filters
that get used you can do with one of
these you really could you just needed
to know how you need to know the finer
points the details of how to do it you
know that common beauty filter lightens
the face and gets rid of the blemishes
you can do it with one of these by over
exposing the area you wanted to do that
to putting too much light on it shining
too much light on it over exposing it
gets rid of those blemishes washes them
out washes out the finer details find it
funny that we see those images all over
social media because that is exactly
what social media does to political
discourse you know young people today
they've grown up with everything they do
being put online everything and it's
reviewed for appropriateness by their
peer group if they start to step out a
line
oh don't worry their peer group is there
to push them right back where they
belong we see it as something that just
happens to young people this is the
reason they're lacking in substance I
don't know I don't know about that
happens to everybody it happens to
everybody in different ways political
debate gets destroyed
this way groupthink develops essays
become tweets limited in character not
talking about the number of letters
talking about depth nuance the finer
details all washed out because it's
overexposed it's overexposed so there's
no independent fault there's no ideas
being developed in the dark room so to
speak privately then to be shown later
because we put all of our thoughts
online and then kind of work them into
where we need them to be you know we can
see this in every debate in every debate
how the sides the groupthink plays out
in the latest travesty of a law to come
out of Alabama it's so pronounced that
it's almost funny so there they're gonna
redo the way they are recording
marriages in the state now those in
opposition to this they know it came
from a bad place it came this bill came
from a bigoted place it was judges who
didn't want to sign off on same-sex
marriages that's what created this bill
really dead and those if you look at it
and you look at the signs that people
are taking those who are supporting this
bill well they're against same-sex
marriage and those who are in opposition
to it or for it but the bill if you
actually really look at it it makes it
easier to have a same-sex marriage in
Alabama really does basically just takes
the judge out of the process
it makes it easier if you are a same-sex
couple in a county with a bigoted judge
well now you don't have to deal with
them that's the effect of the law but
because of the way political discourse
in this country happens people who are
opposed to same-sex marriage they're
supporting a law to make it easier and
there are some people who because they
know this came from a place of bigotry
are opposing it
that's a genetic fallacy take the win
here it's gonna be easier it's gonna
increase access
who cares if bigots were too stupid to
write the law right the end result is
good you can see it there you can of
course see it in the abortion debate
pro-life and pro-choice right means
nothing those terms mean nothing they
really don't there's no defined defined
position for these terms
they're just slogans to help people
group together and if you start to
deviate from the norm of what is
accepted from your chosen group
oh don't worry your peer group will be
there to push you back where you belong
you know and there is no clearer example
of this than an image that is floating
around on social media right now it is a
fetus nine weeks in develop into
development on a piece of gauze and man
when that image goes up the pro-life
crowd goes nuts
the mother is all kinds of horrible
things the doctor should have left it
you know it's nuts
one version of it that's being shared
there's a reply from somebody named
Vanessa not gonna share their last name
because I'm certain she is already
getting enough death threats from the
pro-life crowd her life doesn't mean
pro-life in all instances it's just a
slogan
same thing with pro-choice her reply was
that she would gladly stomp on it until
it was unrecognizable with a smile on
her face wow that takes the edgiest
comment of the day award but see this is
where it gets interesting just from an
image of an ectopic pregnancy so those
who want the doctor to leave the fetus
where it is well they would have killed
two people and Vanessa whether she knew
it or not she's actually taking the
pro-life stance ectopic pregnancy means
that it was in the tube well extra
uterine the fetus was not viable to
begin with wouldn't would not survive
and if left would kill them up
so in a situation like this what you see
is that all of these debates not just
abortion but all of them have this huge
gray area but it's only gray if we don't
over expose it so we do that we choose
to do that because we're Americans and
we like things to be simple we don't
want to get involved in the finer points
we want a 30-second sound bite on the
nightly news and a tweet and 1 a hashtag
to identify with rather than a
well-thought-out position that's where
we're at it might be time to form
opinions and private before introducing
the social media before groupthink can
take hold because otherwise we're not
going to go anywhere you know people
talk about wanting a revolution requires
revolutionary thought it requires
thought outside of the accepted norms if
we can't even accomplish that you can
give up putting it in a practice it'll
never happen need a paradigm shift in
the way we talk about controversial
subjects anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night